Your foot and your own tattoo on the app. Oh man. We're getting little kids.
There's doctor nation. They're trying to get these kids to accept the numbers.
When they come and collect us all for camps.
God, what was he saying the other day about robots? Was that what it was?
You like said something like you, you, you tweeted him back.
Like something like.
LOL glitchy.
Yeah. What was that? That.
I love that guy, but sometimes he say that I just go, what? You need?
Someone like me next to you all the time. That's what Alex Jones needs.
He just needs me to go, Hey man, what? Stop, stop, stop, stop.
That might not be it. Some people need a rudder. You know what I'm saying? Yeah.
And by the way, if I'm your rudder, you got a serious problem.
You got a serious problem.
I was hoping that flat earth or was going to like the rocket ship.
I was waiting. I was so excited for this.
And he's done it before he shot himself, like 160 miles into space.
Got really? No, he did.
I think he did shoot himself like 1.6 miles into the air,
something ridiculous in the past.
And he recovered took him like several days to recover from the
G-forces. I do believe that this is something that was in the article.
It might be something he said he might just be crazy.
Trying to be like evil Knievel. He was trying to do a bunch of different things.
And he jumped onto the flat thing about a year ago to gain money. He said,
he's trying to like jump a limo over a Gorge.
Sometimes like that when no one believes it for.
A minute. How do you know? Oh yes, they do sort of a.
I read the article about it when it first.
Coming out last week. Yeah. You know what? I read one of the craziest arguments.
Someone said one of the flat earth proponents said about it.
If this is going around, apparently. So forgive me,
forgive me if you've heard this,
but the idea that a ship doesn't really disappear over the
horizon, that you can always zoom in on it. If you just have enough of a,
of a powerful lens on your camera.
So they think that that in some way is proof that the earth is flat.
That's just proof of how far you can see. It's all it is. He likes,
you don't understand like the F the curve of the earth. It takes forever.
It's huge. Like you're I get what people are doing.
Like hokum. If you zoom out, you can see, well, you can't forever.
That's why he can't see Mount Kilimanjaro from your living room in Santa Monica.
Right? Dip. All right. It's like, it's a curve to it. It just takes a long time.
And you can't see the boat long before it goes over the curb.
Because unless you're talking about a giant boat and even a giant boat at 30
miles away, which is where you still be able to see some of it,
that's too far for your eyes.
So if you zoom in with some sort of a crazy spotting scope or something like
that, yeah. You'll be able to see it for a little while.
And then another couple of hours it'll be gone. It's going to go over the top.
Like, but they wanted to be real.
So they want it to be real,
so bad that they come up with these things that aren't true as examples,
why the earth is flat. And the big one was no, there's hug them.
Every photo of the earth from space is a composite.
You didn't even bother to look into it because that's not true.
There's a satellite that takes a high resolution photo of the earth.
Some like every 10 minutes, it's the hymn of warrior eight to Japanese style.
You could go online. You can look at the pictures.
It shows where every storm cloud is all over the country in real time.
So if there's a storm that's hit in Cuba, you go to that.
You look at that image from that day where the storm is, you'll see the storm.
Like it's all real. If you don't believe that's real,
do you believe that someone is so good at hiding?
That they've kept all the images of the flat earth from ever being published?
That no one has been able to treat in the history of people.
It's been able to travel past the ice wall,
into the nether region of hobbits and gnomes and picks the elves.
It's just mental health. You know, we have a huge problem.
It's lack of education, it's lack of education.
And then it's also being committed to these ideas,
to the point where they're a part of you, it's its idea,
identity politics. This is what it is when you,
when you believe in an idea so much that you don't,
and I've been guilty of this. And I think everybody has,
at one point in your life,
you've been guilty of not really looking at it for what it is,
but instead looking at it for what you want it to be and for what you've already
committed yourself to believing in. That's a big part of the problem.
A big part of the problem with people is you commit yourself to believing in
something. And then when you commit yourself to believe he has something,
anything that's contrary to that belief gets fought viciously.
You shut it down. You interrupt by all means necessary. You mock it,
you deride it. You don't examine it objectively. You don't look at it.
Objective. You just look for a way to shoot it down. Look for a way to on it.
Look for a way. If at any fall back on the government lies all the time.
I never believed them fall back on all these different positions.
But at the end of the day,
if you look at it from just like, well, okay,
what's the most likely thing. The most likely thing is it's round.
They figured it out. They know it's round. You can see it from space.
They've taken pictures of it.
People have absolutely flying in the space station. There's videos of the,
the thing landing on the sky. People pulling people out of the water.
They've seen, they've gone into space. Okay? They've taken pictures.
This is all real. They're satellites. They're real. If you get satellite radio,
it's real. Okay. It's really from a satellite. When you get DirecTV, it's real.
It's in space.
It's orbiting the earth there's flight patterns that are
carefully calculated that are going around the earth.
Everybody would have to be lying. Do you understand how crazy it is?
I'm with you on a lot of conspiracies.
I'm with you on operation Northwoods.
I'm with you on the Gulf of Tonkin. You get me high enough.
I'll go area 51 on you. I'll go, Bob. Lasar I'll go. Uh,
I'll I'll I'll go deep on some like who the knows wacky.
You get to the earth being fat. And that's when I go,
you're just chasing your tail. You're chasing your tail.
These angry little pricks. Call me a shill.
They're just staring at your rounders. She'll shut off. What a perfect,
perfect advertising is. Advertising show be on jamie.com, dumb jamie.com.
Get yourself a round earth shield. T-shirt folks.
I have one all the time by Christmas, and they're very soft.
Cotton feels wonderful in this camp. Yeah, I think it's almost like a troll.
What's not man. I'm telling you. I used to think that too.
It started out as a troll. This is what I think happened.
I think it became an exercise in psychology from what I've
understand, one of understood and I might be wrong,
but from what little I've done poking around about this,
it seems like is might've started on four Chan.
And it might've started as a joke that there's always been a certain percentage
of people that believe that the world was flat.
There's always a certain percentage,
just like there's a certain percentage of Moonies.
There's a certain percentage of people that, you know, are Satan, worshipers,
resilient,
people just there's wacky beliefs and people get attached to these wacky beliefs
and they clean to them and this in whatever it is, whatever,
whatever the belief is.
There's a certain percentage of people that have always thought the earth was
flat.
But then what I read was that someone on four chance started trolling and
that by trolling and trying to post this fake evidence about the world being
flat, a bunch of people bought it and they ran with it.
And not only did they run with it,
they started to ramp it up and add things to it.
And flat earth theory became a thing.
And these people all decided that this was like a legitimate pursuit,
that there is some Illuminati, some group of Jews,
it's always Jews that are hiding all the information that somehow or another
they've talked. All the mapmakers,
all the people that work in commercial shipping,
all the people that are flying airplanes,
all the people that are making satellites, anyone in aerospace,
all these people, all these people,
all these people are all together and they're all lying. Okay? And I am too.
I am too. Or maybe just listen to this.
Maybe you're chasing your tail and you confuse the out of some people that are
dumber than you,
because of your inability to look at what it is versus what you want it to
be. You heard me,
I'm not writing about everything. Don't get me wrong. Brogan.
You're I'm right about this.
There's no reason why someone would lie about the shape of the planet.
There's no benefit in it.
There's no reason why anybody would conceal that information.
There's no benefit. If someone found out the earth was flat,
they would be singing it from the rooftops. Any real scientist,
any real person has been in the space station.
And he real persons find the space shuttle. They're real.
I know you don't know them that I've met him. I had that, uh,
Chris Conrad guy, is that his name? Chris Hadfield, Chris Hatfield,
forget his name commanders. I blame the weed. Chris Hatfield.
He was wonderful.
He was in space for a long time is talking about the effects of it when he came
down and, uh, how, how, how bad it up his body. That was a fascinating podcast.
I remember how I got my finger gone like 40 minutes with him.
And then he had to go. It was like one of those quick little things.
And he was amazing.
You're talking to a guy that's been circling the planet in a metal
box. No, it's not real. It's real. No, it is real.
This is the reason why your phone works. I understand this. The people,
this is what's ironic.
The people that are doubting the highest minds and the most competent
technological innovators in the world,
like the most competent people are the people that are involved in like
aerospace, airplane, construction,
jet construction, cell phones,
computers. Those are the people that are at the top of the heap.
And these apes that are using these devices to say that the world is
flat.
You're doing just what a massive disservice you're doing to the very minds that
have created the thing that you're using to complain with this ridiculous idea
that someone's hiding the information from all the people,
because they don't want you to know that the world is like your phone, man.
I get it. I want to believe Bigfoot's real. I get it.
I want to believe if you show me some half-ass Bigfoot footage,
I'll watch it three, four times in a row. I'll go one day. Maybe, maybe, maybe,
Hey, maybe you never know. There's a lot of parts of the world. We never go to,
you know, somewhere deep in the Congo. I wouldn't be surprised. Right?
I want to believe, but I'm also objective. You gotta be both.
I know you want to believe the earth is flat. I'm super sorry,
but it appears to be round as.
Just like every other planet we've ever looked at. All of them.
Imagine how crazy you'd be if earth was flat. Well,
here's the problem with this idea. You dummies.
A lot of the people behind this idea believed that it was created by God,
like on a pizza tray like that.
This is part of a religious belief is that God made this flat earth in the
cosmos. And it's all about us. This is part of it. This is,
this is connected to your group, Joe. You're so arrogant with your,
I didn't know. I'm dumb. Okay.
But I'm smart enough to know the world's round crazy.